Hi. My name is Dave Andrews. And today, I'm
going to show you how to make Windows XP look
like Windows Vista. What we're going to use
to do this is a program called Alien GUI that
you can download from Alienware. If you just
search the internet for Alien GUI and Alienware,
you'll find this program. Let's run the installation.
If you receive a security warning, just press
"Run". Now, it's launching the theme installation
for our Alienware program. Select "I Agree"
and "Next". Click "Next", again. Basically,
just click "Next" through the entire setup
process. It's now installing our new Alienware
theme.
Once the installation is finished, simply
click on "Finish". Now on your desktop, you
see a picture of an alien and a program called
Alien GUI. Let's run that program.
We have, here, several different themes that
we can use. Let's select "Invader". Say "Apply".
It's asking if we'd like to apply the Invader
suite, and we'll say "Yes".
As you can see, our desktop has been dramatically
changed to look like something closer to Windows
Vista. There are many different themes that
you can use. It's that easy to change your
desktop look.
My name is Dave Andrews, and I just showed
you how to make Windows XP look like Vista.